.. _release_notes_v1.2.x:

=====================
v1.2.x Release Notes
=====================

Changes
-------

Graph DB
````````
The new GraphDB plugin provides a connectivity model with trace configs and trace
 support.

The GraphDB has offline support allowing tracing to be run offline in the native mobile
app.

ENMAC Connectivity Model Loader
````````````````````````````````

The ENMAC Connectivity Model loader plugin extracts the connectivity model and the trace
configuration from GEs PowerOn Fusion / PowerOn Advantage, the model and trace configs
are loaded into the GraphDB.

The loader loads chunks of the connectivity model at a time, and requires "Split Points"
to be configured.

Diagram Branches
````````````````

Diagram branches is a new feature allowing plugins to modify the diagram displayed
as it's being rendered.

Initially this includes changing the colours of shapes to provide trace highlighting
support, but in the near future, this will be expanded to allow creating, deleting
and moving shapes.

The branches can be enabled or disabled, and are applied on top of the baseline diagram
upon each render cycle.

RHEL7 Support
`````````````

Peek now has installation instructions and support for Redhat Enterprise Linux 7 (RHEL7)


Required Dependency Bump
````````````````````````

Peek required dependencies have been upgraded as follows:

*   Python 3.6.7

Optional Dependency Bump
````````````````````````

Peeks optional dependencies have been upgraded as follows:

*   Oracle client 12.1 -> Oracle client 18.3
*   Python Package cx-Oracle==5.3 ->  cx-Oracle>=7.0


Windows Services
````````````````

Nil, carry on.


Linux Deployment
----------------

The Linux service scripts have been modified to use systemd, This is supported by both
RHEL7 and Debian9. This chane allows the scripts to work on both Linux distributions.

For upgrading from pre v1.2.x, you need to disable and remove the old init scripts on
Debian. ::

    for service in peek_logic_service peek_worker_service peek_agent_service peek_office_service
    do
        service ${service} stop
        update-rc.d ${service} disable
        rm /etc/init.d/${service}
    done


macOS Deployment
----------------

Update to the latest XCode, 10.1.

iOS Deployment
--------------

The Peek Mobile native app now supports iOS 12.1.


Windows Deployment
------------------

nil.


Enable New Plugins
------------------

Update the peek config.json files.

#. Edit each of C:\Users\peek\peek-XXXX.home\config.json
#. Add :code:`peek_plugin_graphdb` after :code:`peek_plugin_livedb`
#. Add :code:`peek_plugin_enmac_graphdb_loader`
   after :code:`peek_plugin_enmac_diagram_loader`

----

Start up the Peek Server service, it will rebuild the admin site.

----

Connect to the admin site at http://localhost:8010

go to Plugins -> ENMAC Connectivity Model Loader

Select the "Edit App Server Settings" tab, enter the details and save.

Select the "Edit Graph Segments" tab, enter selection criteria for the connectivity model
split pints, and save.

The agent needs to be restarted if it was already running.

----

Restart all Peek services.

For windows, restart the :code:`peek-logic-service` service then
start the :code:`peek-restarter` service,
the agent, worker and client will now start.
