.. _release_notes_v3.4.x:

====================
v3.4.x Release Notes
====================

Platform Changes
----------------

This release contains a majour redevelopment for the offline capabilities
 of Peek. 

There are significant performance and memory improvements to the vortex
 libraries and all plugins containing data indexes.

Major Plugin Changes
--------------------

Introduction of the Diagram PDF Exporter plugin.

v3.4.0 introduces PDF export support for the DMS Network Diagram. This allows
either the visible network or trace context to be exported as a PDF document
which the user can then download. When the Trace Export is selected, the
area of the network which contains the trace is exported. Alternatively,
when Visible Network is selected, the area of the network visible to the
user will be the area exported. Page size, orientation, and maximum pages can
be set to customise the PDF.

v3.4.0 introduces Light Mode, this feature replaces the background of the
network diagram with a white background and inverts only the colours
necessary to be visible on a white background. The initial migration
automatically detects and populates the light mode colours. The colours can
be manually updated if required. Simply clicking the button in the network
diagram will enable light mode, increasing the
readability of the network diagram if required.

Deployment Changes
------------------

There are no deployment changes with this release.

Windows Deployment
``````````````````

.. note:: This release is not supported on Windows.

Windows support might be possible in Peek version 4, however it will have 
 a higher purchase and support cost to the customer.

Linux Deployment
````````````````

Deployment for Linux remains the same after the  changes of Peek v3.1.x

Debian: :ref:`debian_install_prerequisites`

Redhat: :ref:`rhel_install_prerequisites`

macOS Deployment
````````````````

Deployment for macOS remains the same after the major changes of Peek v3.1.x

MacOS: :ref:`macos_install_prerequisites`


Windows Deployment
``````````````````

Nil.

.. note:: The windows deployment will change to use Windows Subsystem for Linux
          in a future release.

Migration Steps
---------------

There are no migration steps for v3.4.x

.. note:: Synerty recommends running the Initial Load Attune Blueprint for
    faster loading of the PowerOn data.
    You can download the Attune Community Addition App for Windows or MacOS FOR
    FREE from `<www.servertribe.com>`_


v3.4.0 Changes
--------------

Bug
```
