.. _release_notes_v1.3.x:

=====================
v1.3.x Release Notes
=====================

Changes
-------

Core Plugins
````````````

The following plugins were renamed and converted to core plugins:

*   peek_plugin_search -> peek_core_search

*   peek_plugin_user -> peek_core_user

These plugins were converted to provide better integration with the platform.

Diagram Generic Menu
````````````````````

This plugin has been renamed from "peek_plugin_generic_diagram_menu" to
peek_plugin_diagram_generic_menu" for consistency with the new diagram trace plugin.

Diagram Zepben Menu
````````````````````

This plugin has been renamed from "peek_plugin_generic_zepben_menu" to
peek_plugin_diagram_zepben_menu" for consistency with the new diagram trace plugin.

Branch Plugin
`````````````

A new common branch plugin has been created. This plugin will be used to store the
details of a branch. The plan is for other plugins that support branches in their models
to use this plugin as a common reference, EG, enabling a branch in this plugin will
enable it in the diagram, GraphDB, and DocDB


Diagram Branches
````````````````

Diagram branches is a now fully implemented

The branches can be enabled or disabled, and are applied on top of the baseline diagram
upon each render cycle.

Branches can be edited with the new Diagram Edit feature.

The diagram now also has a print view support and selectable layers.

The Diagram now requires a user login.


LDAP Authentication
```````````````````

The peek

RHEL7 Support
`````````````

Peek now has installation instructions and support for Redhat Enterprise Linux 7 (RHEL7)


Required Dependency Bump
````````````````````````

Peek required dependencies have been upgraded as follows:

*   Oracle client 18.5
*   openldap

OpenLDAP can be installed in MacOS with ::

    brew install openldap

OR Debian Linux ::

    apt-get install openldap-dev

or RHEL Linux ::

    yum instal openldap-devel


Windows Services
````````````````

Nil, carry on.


Linux Deployment
----------------

Nil


macOS Deployment
----------------

Nil

iOS Deployment
--------------

Peek v1.3.x does not have support for iOS, this will be updated in a figure release


Windows Deployment
------------------

Nil.

.. note:: The windows deployment will change to use Windows Subsystem for Linux in
            a future release.

Enable New Plugins
------------------

Update the peek config.json files.

#. Edit each of C:\Users\peek\peek-XXXX.home\config.json
#. Add :code:`peek_plugin_branch` to the start
#. Add :code:`peek_plugin_enmac_email_nar` at the end

----

Start up the Peek Server service, it will rebuild the admin site.

----

Restart all Peek services.

For windows, restart the :code:`peek-logic-service` service then
start the :code:`peek-restarter` service,
the agent, worker and client will now start.
