.. _release_notes_v0_10_0:

=====================
v0.10.0 Release Notes
=====================

Changes
-------

Vortex PayloadEnvelope
``````````````````````

This version of peek contains some breaking changes to do with the VortexJS/VortexPY.

A new class called "PayloadEnvelope" has been introduced. PayloadEnvelope wraps a Payload
and is routed around the Vortexes.

The toVortexMsg/fromVortexMsg methods on the Payload class have been renamed to
toEncodedPayload/fromEncodedPayload respectivly.

This change was made to improve performance, in some instances the Payload.tuples didn't
need to be deserialised/reserialised, for example when passing through the peek_office_service
service, or being cached in the browsers/mobile devices.

Dependency Bump
```````````````

Peek dependencies are upgrade as follows:

#.  Python 3.6.5
#.  PostgreSQL 10.4
#.  MsysGit - Install setttings change

Windows Services
````````````````

Peek v0.10.0 now contains windows services. These release notes will describe how to
install the services.

Deployment
----------

This version of Peek upgrades several dependencies of the system. Follow these
instructions to upgrade all the dependencies.

----

First, backup the PostgreSQL :code:`peek` database.

----

Delete the virtual environments

delete C:\\Users\\peek\\synerty-peek*

----

#. Uninstall Python
#. Uninstall "Git version"
#. Uninstall PostgreSQL


----

Delete the old PostgreSQL database data directory.

delete C:\\Program Files\\PostgreSQL

delete C:\\Users\\peek\\Python36

----

Reinstall the software again based on these instructions:

#.  Install Python
#.  Install Msys Git
#.  Install PostgreSQL

:ref:`setup_os_requirements_windows`


----

Open PGAdmin4, and restore the database backup.

.. note:: Ensure you restore the database to the :code:`peek` database
            (not the postgres one)

----

Deploy the platform, Y and Y at the end.

:ref:`deploy_peek_platform`

----

These steps grant "Login as Service" to the ".\peek" user

#.  Run "services.msc"
#.  Find the peek server service
#.  Open the properties of the service
#.  Goto the LogOn tab
#.  Enter the password twice and hit OK
#.  A dialog box will appear saying that the Peek users has been granted the right.


